Add a hint readme to point to contrib supervisor (#317)
open-telemetry/opamp-go: internal/examples/supervisor/README.md

## This Supervisor is an **Example**: 

> Just to reiterate the obvious... 
> 
> Keep in mind that this is merely an example, and not all features or implementation aspects may be supported in the provided code.
> For a more comprehensive supervisor and to contribute, please refer to the version available in the contrib repository, 
> which can be found [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/cmd/opampsupervisor).

Reviewer: Let's keep it short.
```suggestion
This is a Supervisor example.

For a more comprehensive supervisor and to contribute, see [OpAMP Supervisor for OpenTelemetry Collector](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/cmd/opampsupervisor).
```
